1. Most Likely

Everyone sits in a circle and one player asks a "most likely" question, like "Who would be most likely to accost Channing Tatum in public?" or "Who would be most likely to eat someone else's sandwich from the refrigerator at work?" On the count of three, everyone points to whoever they think would be most likely to do whatever act was mentioned. You have to take a drink for every person who's pointing at you (so if seven people think you'd accost Channing Tatum, you have to take seven drinks).


2. Straight Face

All players write sentences on small pieces of paper. What kind of sentences? Ones that are ridiculous or inappropriate; ones that anyone would struggle to read (or hear) while keeping a straight face. One at a time, each player will choose a slip of paper and attempt to read whatever is written on it without giggling or cracking a smile. If they fail, they have to drink.


3. Drunken Artists

Players take turns being the timer and being the artist. At the beginning of each round, the timer will whisper a word to the artist and start the clock. As the artist draws the word on a large pad of paper, the rest of the players shout out what they think the picture is supposed to be. If the artwork is so indiscernible that the group just gives up trying to guess, the artist has to take a shot.


4. Attached at the Hip

Write body parts on slips of paper and place them in a pile. All the players break up into pairs and each duo is assigned a body part. Everyone must stay "attached" to their partner by that body part for as long as they can; every time someone separates, they have to take a shot.


5. Concoctions

Here's a game for people with strong stomachs. Get some dice and have everyone head to the kitchen. One at a time, players roll the die. If you roll a four, the other players will put together a little "treat" for you made up of four items: for instance, a Dorito chip topped with a bit of mustard, some onion dip, and an M&M. Will you eat it? If you do, *they* have to drink. If you won't, *you* have to drink. Bon appétit!


6. Cup Swap

Each player needs two cups (one that's full of some sort of alcoholic beverage and one that's empty) and a spoon. Participants have one minute to transfer as much of their drink as possible from one cup to the other using the spoon. When the minute is up, you have to drink whatever's left in the original cup.


7. Buzz

One of the easiest games, each player starts counting a number and says it aloud, except 7 and its multiples, in which case, you say buzz. If you don't, you drink. Simple!


8. Avalanche

To play Avalanche, you’ll need a die and one glass. Each player sits around a table with their glass or cup of alcohol. To play a turn, a player begins by filling the “game glass” with either a small or large amount of their drink. They then roll the die. They do the following depending on what number they receive: The player does nothing; they pass the glass and the die to the next player: The player adds more alcohol to the game glass and passes it to the next player, along with the die: The player must drink the contents of the game glass: The player yells “floor!” Everyone must either point downward or drop to the ground. Whoever does this last or fails to do it must drink the contents of their glass: The player can make anyone of their choosing drink the glass: Same rules as when a player rolls a (rule one). However, many groups choose to substitute an original rule of their choosing for a six play. Some groups choose to play by these simple rules. In other scenarios, some like to play Avalanche elimination-style, with players being removed from the game after three consecutive drinks.


9. Up and Down the River

Up & Down the River is played with two decks of cards. To begin, one player is appointed the dealer. The dealer provides each player with four cards, which are placed face-up in front of them. The dealer then draws a card from the deck and whoever has the card must take a drink. If they have multiples of that card, they must take as many drinks as they have cards. The dealer repeats this; however, with each new round, the amount of drinks one has to take for the card doubles. After the fourth round, the dealer draws a fifth card, laying it on top of the previous card. Any player who has that combination of cards may give away four total drinks. They could tell one player to drink four times, or tell four players to each drink once. The dealer can lay a third card over the first two and players with a combination of those three cards may give away a total of eight drinks. After this, the game can be started again with a new dealer.


10. Cheers To The Governor

Players sit in a circle, each with their drink. The players, in a counterclockwise direction, begin counting aloud, each saying a number. The player who gets to 21 can institute any rule they choose. It’s a good idea to base rules around one specific number; for example, a player could make a rule that one specific player has to drink on the number eight or that all female players must drink on the number three. The count begins again with the new rule in place. The next person to have 21 makes a new rule of their own. However, it does not negate the prior rule. This simply continues until there is a long list of rules. When it becomes too complicated, or your group becomes bored with the set of rules, feel free to start from scratch. The more creative the rules, the better.
